[NARRATOR]
Once upon a time,
deep in the mountains,
a kind-hearted red ogre
lived all alone.
(SLAM)
The ogre had but one wish:
to be friends with the humans.
(Jingling)
However...
(Jingle)
...the humans were afraid
of him and chose to
keep their distance.
One day, a friend
of the red ogre,
the blue ogre, came to visit.
He said, "I have an idea.
I am going to attack
that village."
"And when I do, you can take
me down and save the day."
"That way, the humans
will finally change
how they see you."
"And then...
You can be friends."
(Jingle)
(Bonk)
(Grunt)
Hm.
♪Opening Song♪
[STUDENTS, Singing]
♪We all leave here
with tales to tell♪
[TAKEO]
My name is Takeo Goda.
I'm in ninth grade.
And today's my last day
of middle school.
♪A path for you and I♪
It's the day of our
graduation ceremony.
(Sobbing)
♪And now it's time
to say farewell♪
(Takeo singing off-key)
♪Its time to say good-bye♪
[SCHOOLBOYS]
Goda!
(Hysterical sobbing)
Dude, I hate that we have to go
to different schools next year!
[TAKEO] Uh, yeah.
I wanted to go to the
same school as you, too!
This isn't fair!
Call me whenever you want, okay?
Don't be a stranger!
[TAKEO]
Sure.
Goda!
Hm? Hey, guys.
It's been a pleasure to know
you the last three years!
Please drop by and see us
during practice sometime!
Sure thing.
This is from all of us
on the entire team!
[TAKEO]
Oh! Thanks!
Hope you make it to
nationals next year!
See ya later!
Ah! Goda!
Don't go!
We love you, man!
Please, stay with us!
Goda!
(Grunting)
Please! We're no
good without you!
The whole year, I've been on
the student council with Sato.
She has the sweetest smile.
Hi, Goda!
And before I graduate,
I want to tell her how
I really feel about her.
Sato? Where are you, Sato?!
Oh! Huh?
[TAKEO]
Sato...
[SATO]
Um... So, uh, Sunakawa...
I've been, like, waiting all
year to tell you that uh...
I really like you lot.
Ah!
(Nervous whimper)
Yeah well, y'know, Sato...
I wish I could say the same.
(STATIC SHOCK)
AGGHH!
Uh?
(Sato stammers)
Hey, Takeo.
You walkin' home?
Uh... Uh yeah.
I was just looking for you.
[SUNA]
Let's get outta here.
(Stunned breaths)
[TAKEO]
This is Makoto Sunakawa.
He's my friend.
Not sure why it works out
between two people as
different as we are,
but well...it just does.
The high school entrance
ceremony's coming up.
When's that again?
I think it's April 7th.
Or the 6th. I dunno.
[SUNA]
Thanks a lot.
Huh?
[TAKEO]
And you've probably
already guessed,
Suna is super popular
with all the girls.
Suna's like the
hottest guy ever.
He's so cool,
he never smiles.
I'd love to see
that, y'know?
I bet he only smiles
for the girl he loves!
That's gonna be me.
Nu-uh!
[TAKEO]
In kindergarten,
there was little Yuzuha.
I had such a crush on her...
I really like you, Suna!
Yeah well.
I think you're gross.
(Ugly sobbing)
And... he made her cry.
Why you gotta make
girls cry, huh?!
Sorry.
It's okay!
And then the same thing
happened in elementary school
with Misaki.
I like you!
I don't care.
Kayomi.
No thanks.
And Eriha.
No chance.
And Mao.
I hate you.
They always fell for Suna.
People often ask me why
I'm friends with him...
But we're neighbors.
We live in the same complex.
And our moms are good friends,
(Doorbell)
so we played together
a lot as kids.
[TAKEO'S MOM]
Hey there!
[SUNA'S MOM]
Oh, come on in!
Sorry for the mess.
Let's go, sucka!
Real men fight it out
whenever they have problems!
How do you wanna do this?
Sumo? Sword fight?
Cards? Bring it on!
(Karate sounds)
Our moms got along,
but that doesn't mean
we always did.
Let's play some
video games.
However...
Holy freakin' crap!
Why do I keep
losing to you?!
That's 'cause
you suck.
Goddangit! I am so
stinkin' sick of it,
I'm gonna pound this stupid
game in the stupid face!
We never really did fight.
(Growling)
Oh my God! I hate this game,
and the controller,
and your big ugly face!
And that's how it went.
And how it still goes today.
It's Sunakawa! I didn't
know he lived near here!
Uh, hey there, Sunakawa!
That guy must be
a model or something.
Hey, Suna.
Hm?
Have you been hearing the news?
There's some prowler
guy on the loose.
Oh, yeah...
[TAKEO]
What?! Are you serious?
He goes after little kids?!
What kind of a sicko
is this guy?!
I couldn't get it out
of my mind. So yesterday...
(Scared groans)
(Dramatic drums)
(Growling)
HM!
Huh?!
(Growl)
HMM!
Excuse me.
We've been getting
some complaints of
a big creepy man
standing out in front
of the school gates.
(Chuckling)
So yeah, somebody reported
me to the cops.
Ahahah!
(Continued laughter)
Okay, ladies, here's what he
looks like when he smiles.
HAHAHAA!
It's not that funny.
Sorry.
It's okay. It
doesn't bother me...
(Baby whining)
I know.
Hang in there,
we're almost home.
Huh? Uh!
Ah. Oh!
Whoa. Nice move.
That was smooth!
(Mother giggles)
(Grunts and groans)
Huh?!
Ahh!
Huh...
[LADY]
Please, sit here, sir.
[OLD MAN]
Oh, thank you.
Uhh...
I guess I just don't
have what it takes.
Takeo...
Hm?
Check it out. That guy's
lookin' kinda shady.
Hmm?
[SUNA]
Think he's up to something?
(Angry grunts)
[GROPER]
AH!
You got a problem with
your arm, fella, huh?!
(Pained scream)
(Angry growl)
[GROPER]
Hey, what's your
problem, man?!
Ow! Ow!
Let go of me!
(Gasp)
(Growl)
Huh?
Um, uh, thank... you...
(Gasp)
(Echoing)
Thank you... Thank you...
(Stammering)
Thank you...
(PA jingles)
(Train speeds up)
(Struggling)
(Groper cries out)
So where should we take
a loser like this?
Maybe hand him over to a
station attendant or something?
(Struggling continues)
We can handle
things from here.
C'mon, man, I can't breathe!
So you can g-
No, I'm coming with you!
[OFFICER]
What?
You say you caught this guy
groping on the train?
Yeah!
Alright, you can let him go.
Let's hear what he has to say.
Yes, Sir!
Ahh!
(Coughing)
He's crazy! I didn't
do nothin' okay!
[SUNA]
We saw you.
I don't know what you're
talking about!
Officer, this guy
physically assaulted me!
I was minding
my own business,
and he just grabs my
arm outta nowhere!
Then he starts to choke me!
He's the criminal here...
He was touching me!
HUH?!
[RINKO]
It's true! He was!
And this guy helped me!
Oh yeah? Well what were
you wearing a skirt
that short for then, huh?
You... You were asking
for it and you know it!
(Rinko whimpers)
(Groper laughs)
HYAH!
GAH! AH!
[OFFICER]
Easy...
(Gasp)
Ugh!
You shut your filthy hole!
She was doing no such thing!
(Gasp)
(Growling)
(Sizzling)
U-uh...
(Crunch)
So, I sorta got suspended.
Now I'm bored...
(Knock knock)
[SUNA]
Here's the notes from class.
Not that you're going
to study or anything.
[TAKEO]
Hm.
(Chuckle)
Hm?
(Stifled laughter)
It's not funny, Suna!
(Doorbell)
[TAKEO'S MOM]
Coming!
[SUNA]
I can't believe you went
after him like that.
(Footsteps)
Well, yeah I can.
[TAKEO]
Oh, shut up.
But I totally didn't
expect you to punch him
in front of a cop.
He pissed me off.
[MOM]
Oh, yes. Please.
Just a second.
I guess so.
Take! There's a young girl
here to see you!
She says her name is Rinko!
Should I let her in?
[TAKEO]
Yeah.
"Rinko"? Who's that?
I'm not sure.
I don't remember
a Rinko at school.
Hm?
Okay. So, Takeo...
You're gonna let a
girl in THIS ROOM?
AHH!
(Intense grunting)
MOM! Ask her to
wait a minute!
I got dirty undies
all over the place!
Um... Hello.
Ah!
Oh...
I wanted to, uh,
thank for yesterday.
I like her!
[SUNA]
I better get going.
Oh! Wait, so
you're leaving?!
Oh. I see.
So it's this again.
Oh! Um, here.
I brought this to thank you...
And well, there's enough
for all of us.
If you want some...
Ohh...?
[RINKO] Unless, of course,
you don't like sweet stuff.
Oh! I'm sorry! It's weird for me
to just show up all of a sudden.
I got your address from the
security guy at the station.
No, it's wonderful!
Oh?
(Giggle)
I'm so glad.
(GULP)
WHOA!
What is this?!
It's incredible!
Some sort of
cake magic?!
[SUNA]
It's just cheesecake.
You mean you've never had
cheesecake before?
Never! But yeah, totally
tastes like cheese! Mpf!
What are you talking about?
(Takeo sighs)
[SUNA] Thanks.
It was delicious.
'Kay. I'm gonna head home
for real this time.
Ah! I, uh, should
probably get going, too.
Yeah.
(Light grunt)
I was able...
to help her out...
Well thanks again for
everything you did yesterday.
But I guess... I guess
that's where it ends.
[RINKO]
See ya.
Well, I did get some cake.
And I liked it.
So, that's good.
I was given the chance
to help a nice girl.
And that's something
to be proud of.
So, that's... that.
Hm...
(Cellphone rings)
Huh?
What's this doing here?
It's not Suna's.
Um, hello?
[RINKO]
Oh! Thank goodness!
Huh?!
I'm sorry, I forgot
my phone at your house!
I... I, um... It's
Rinko Yamato from earlier.
Oh. Yeah, it's here.
I'm so sorry!
Ah!
Um, I'll pick it up.
What would be
a good day for you?
Oh, I can bring it to you,
just name the place, 'kay?
Huh? Sure.
Yeah. We can meet.
Uh!
I go to Koizumi Girls' Academy,
so why don't we meet
in front of the fountain
at Shisuta Park?
Okay...
Um, how about tomorrow?
After school, around 3:00?
I... I get to
see her again.
You get a new phone?
Pink's an odd choice.
That girl from
yesterday left it.
I'm on my way to
give it back to her.
Hmm...
[TAKEO]
I bet... I bet she's expecting
Suna to come with me.
I mean, we've been together
both times she's seen us.
Let's go, buddy!
Why am I going?
Just come... Please... ,/
Don't worry,
I'll bring him along.
I know what's going on.
(Footsteps)
Uh! Ah!
I'm so sorry for
all the trouble!
Thank you so much!
Oh, no, there's
no need for that.
It's not that big
of a deal really.
You a freshmen, too?
Yes, I am.
Um, thank you.
This whole thing is
getting pretty awkward.
[RINKO]
Oh, here!
Hm?
I wanted to thank you
for helping me again!
I mean you did come
all the way out here
just to give me
back my phone.
If you want to, we could sit
down somewhere and have some.
Hmm.
Ahhmm.
Oh dear God!
This is awesome!
What are these
miracles called?!
Macarons!
[TAKEO]
Well I freakin'
love macarons!
(Ravenous chewing)
Oh well good!
I actually made these
AND the cheesecake.
I'm glad you like 'em!
Guh!
These are hand-baked?!
You mean, "handmade."
Waagh!
OHHH!
Well, I'm kinda...
I'm kinda good at baking.
Oh?
(Echoing)
Kinda good at baking...
Good at baking...
I heard you have to be
pretty strong to be a baker.
Yeah, I do a
lot of mixing!
(Echoing)
I do a lot of mixing...
lot of mixing...
(TOOT)
Hm!
Huh?
[TAKEO]
Why...?
Why is she always
blushing and nervous?
Is it love?
Does she already
like Suna that much?
You're totally staring.
And invading
her personal space.
Hmm...
(Whimper)
OH!
I... gotta pee!
(Flustered sigh)
Why does the heart
have to work this way?
Why is this happening to me?
I don't... understand.
There's no point
in falling for her.
It could never happen for me.
I know I shouldn't... but...
Huh?
Oh jeez!
You're soaking wet!
Hold on, I'll get a towel!
You just wait right there.
(Rinko grunting)
What happened to you?
You could wipe
yourself off, y'know?
I can't...
I can't imagine seeing this
girl have her heart broken.
Or see her cry.
I must help her
however I can.
I, uh...
I'd like to eat cake
with you again, if I can.
Would you bake another
one sometime? Please?
(Gasp)
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Well the next specialty
cake I'm going to make
is probably going
to be a Sachertorte.
What do you think?
That sound good?
Oh yeah! I'm a huge fan
of Sachertootos.
Really? You have no idea
what that is, do you?
[RINKO]
Perfect! Then next time,
I'll bring a Sachertorte!
See you later!
(Giggling)
I must help her
however I can.
(Construction sounds)
[SUNA]
So when she
bakes her cakes,
she doesn't even
use a hand mixer.
Huh.
She likes putting
in the effort,
and making it all
happen herself.
Is that so? That's
kinda different.
She seems like
a real nice girl.
(Grunt)
I've never heard Suna
compliment a girl before...
He just said something
nice about her.
(Quick footsteps)
Huh?!
(Rinko panting)
Huh?
(Heavy breathing)
Thank goodness...
(Gasping)
I, uh, I almost didn't make it.
I almost...
[TAKEO]
Whoa! What's wrong?!
[RINKO]
I... I...
(Gasping)
I need your... I'm gonna
need your e-mail.
So whenever I make the cake,
I... I can, uh...
I need your...
I need your e-mail!
She ran...
(Gasping)
She ran all the way here.
She's all sweaty...
(Frantic fanning)
Oh!
Huh?! Oh wow, I'm so sorry.
Omigosh! I am such a mess!
Take it.
And you don't have
to give it back.
Oh...?
My e-mail.
Y'know, you could
just text her, dude.
(Excited gasp)
(Gleeful giggle)
I appreciate it.
(Light gasp)
Okay. I can accept your
feelings for each other...
And I'll do it.
I've made up my mind.
You will have my support.
Don't worry. I'll be here...
to help you.
(TOOT)
[SUNA]
You were pretty quick
with that towel, Takeo.
[TAKEO]
Yeah. Mom always said
it would be useful.
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Romance.